expanding the distortion and isObservable apis to provide obj and key for the value to be inspected (#24)
salesforce/observable-membrane: README.md

_Note: You could use a `WeakMap` to remap symbols to avoid leaking the original symbols and other non-observable objects through the distortion mechanism._

_Note: By default, the distortion mechanism does nothing._

#### Observables

> As described above, you can decide whether or not a value should be considered an observable objects, which means it must be wrapped by with a Proxy, e.g.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described above, you can decide whether or not a value should be considered an observable object which means it must be wrapped with a Proxy, e.g.:
```
